Assignment 3: Flying

Make the player fly by reaching. Hands above the head, go up. Hands below the head, go down.
Reach forward, left or right and the player flies that way.


Instruction

Everything you need is already in the course Unity project (OOP_Demo). There is nothing to
download and nothing to import: the XR packages (XR Interaction Toolkit, OpenXR), the VR rig
and the controllers are set up for you.

1. Open the project in Unity 6 and open the scene Assets/Scenes/Assignment3_Flying.
   If the scene is missing or you have broken it, rebuild it from the menu bar:
   Assignments > Build Assignment 3 - Flying.

2. Look at what is there. The scene has an XR Origin (the player) with three tracked children:
   Main Camera (the head), Left Controller and Right Controller. Select "XR Origin (XR Rig)"
   in the Hierarchy. It has a Flying component with those three objects already assigned.

3. Press Play to check your setup before you write any code.
   - With a headset (for example a Quest over Link): the scene starts in the headset. You see
     a blue block for your left hand and a red block for your right hand.
   - Without a headset: the scene starts a keyboard-and-mouse simulator instead, so you can do
     the whole assignment on a laptop.
   Step-by-step instructions for both, including the simulator keys, are in the project at
   Assets/Scripts/Assignment3/README.md.

4. C# script: open Assets/Scripts/Assignment3/Flying.cs and complete Update() so that the
   player (the XR Origin) moves based on the position of the two controllers relative to
   the head.

   public class Flying : MonoBehaviour
   {
       public Transform leftController;
       public Transform rightController;
       public Transform cameraPos;
       public float speed = 2f;
       private Vector3 leftDir, rightDir;

       void Update()
       {
           // complete the script
       }
   }

   The file in the project has the same code with comments that walk you through it.
   Flying.cs is the only file you need to change.


Submission

Please submit (1) your Flying.cs script and (2) an animated GIF made from a screen recording
of the Unity Game view.

The GIF should show the player flying up, flying down, and changing direction. Flying through
the hoops in the scene is a good way to show all three. 10 to 20 seconds is plenty.

How to record your screen
   - Windows: Snipping Tool (Win + Shift + R) or Xbox Game Bar (Win + Alt + R).
   - Mac: Screenshot toolbar (Shift + Command + 5).
   Then convert the video to a GIF with any tool you like. Recent versions of the Windows
   Snipping Tool can export a recording as a GIF directly.


Rubric

1. The player moves up or down based on the left and right hands' position
   relative to the head.                                                        3 points
2. The player can change direction by changing the position of the two hands.   2 points
TOTAL                                                                           5 points
